Attendees: Scott, Daniela, Danilo, Mohammad, Jonas

Continue reviewing Issues and Pull requests to progress work
Jonas reviewed [Pull Request 47](https://github.com/samans/draft-ybam-rfc8561bis/pull/47).  Reviewed comments and agreed that id-enabled is a better name based on the context of how the leaf is used.

A discussion of metrics needed lead to a discussion of IETF IVY work and how that work is incluing MW access network equipment into the passive inventory work begin done in the IVY Working group.
[IETF IVY](https://datatracker.ietf.org/group/ivy/about/)

Upcoming Meetings:
May 15: Meeting (regrets: Italo)
May 22: Meeting
May 29: Meeting (holiday in Sweden?)
