Attendees:  Scott, Italo, Leo, Daniela, Danilo, Jonas

Discussed
[Feature: radio-signal-id (Trail trace identifier (TTI)) #25](https://github.com/samans/draft-ybam-rfc8561bis/issues/25)

- Daniela to create a new pull request with an updated proposal.

Discussed
[air-interface:maintenance-timer #30](https://github.com/samans/draft-ybam-rfc8561bis/issues/30)

- Italo is looking into the IETF work related to scheduling:  [A Common YANG Data Model for Scheduling](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-netmod-schedule-yang/)
- Clarification needed on how the sceduling process affects the datastores when NMDA is used.

In total: Issues #2, #18, #25, #30, #37, #44, and #46 need to have yang contributed and a pull request initiated.

Discussed
[Wrong enumeration values for oper-status of header-compression #48(https://github.com/samans/draft-ybam-rfc8561bis/issues/48)

- Group decided not to change the enumeration values ofr oper-status.  The values align with tx-oper-status that is a leaf from the RFC.

Next Meeting:

- June 26:  (x-Italo)
